MIT License

Copyright (c) 2025 NetSecure Security Dashboard

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

================================================================================

                          ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS

1. EDUCATIONAL AND DEMONSTRATION PURPOSE
   This software is primarily designed for educational and demonstration purposes.
   While it can be used in production environments, users should thoroughly test
   and validate the software before deploying it in critical systems.

2. SECURITY DISCLAIMER
   This cybersecurity dashboard is a simulation tool and should not be considered
   a replacement for professional security monitoring solutions. The threat
   detection and security alerts are simulated and may not reflect actual
   security conditions.

3. DATA PRIVACY
   Users are responsible for ensuring compliance with applicable data privacy
   laws and regulations when using this software to monitor systems or networks.

4. NO WARRANTY FOR SECURITY
   While this software includes security features, no warranty is provided
   regarding the effectiveness of these features in preventing actual security
   threats or breaches.

5. THIRD-PARTY DEPENDENCIES
   This software may include third-party libraries and dependencies. Users are
   responsible for complying with the licenses of these dependencies.

6. MODIFICATION AND DISTRIBUTION
   - You may modify the software for your own use
   - You may distribute modified versions under the same license terms
   - You must include this license notice in all copies or substantial portions
   - You must clearly indicate any changes made to the original software

7. COMMERCIAL USE
   Commercial use is permitted under this license, subject to the terms and
   conditions outlined herein.

8. ATTRIBUTION
   While not required, attribution to the original authors is appreciated when
   using this software in derivative works or publications.

================================================================================

                                   DISCLAIMER

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS
OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY
WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, OR
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.

YOU ARE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR DETERMINING THE APPROPRIATENESS OF USING OR
REDISTRIBUTING THE SOFTWARE AND ASSUME ANY RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH YOUR USE OF
THE SOFTWARE.

================================================================================

                                 CONTRIBUTIONS

By contributing to this project, you agree that your contributions will be
licensed under the same MIT License terms as the rest of the project.

Contributors retain copyright over their contributions while granting the
project maintainers the right to use, modify, and distribute their
contributions under the project license.

================================================================================

                                  SUPPORT

This software is provided without any support obligations. While the maintainers
may provide support on a voluntary basis, there is no guarantee of support,
updates, or bug fixes.

For issues, feature requests, or contributions, please use the project's
official repository channels.

================================================================================

                              VERSION INFORMATION

License Version: 1.0
Last Updated: August 16, 2025
Applies to: NetSecure Security Dashboard v3.0 and later

For the most current version of this license, please refer to the official
project repository.
